current non-african humans
are descendants of neardentales all
people of origin or African are
descendants of the men of
Neanderthal, according to scientists
Mexicans who analyzed the chromosomes
x of the representatives of numerous
countries this is from samples of people
of the different countries the study that
was published in the magazine of one of the
well-known Mexican university the
Neandertals and humans are species
closely related long ago
the scientists opposed that these
species could have crossed both
species the current man and the
Neanderthals appeared in Africa and
considers that the ancestors of the
Neanderthals left the continent
black within the period from
400 to 800 thousand before Christ in turn
the ancestors of human beings
they left Africa and started their
migration to other territories in the
period of between 80,000 and 50,000
back in fact before the disappearance
of the Neanderthals that occurred
30 thousand years the species could have
coexist the authors of the study
they found that modern men and
the Neanderthals had mixed
studying the DNA sequences of
X chromosome that is inherited only by
female lineage in the inhabitants of
all continents
and this done this it is said that the
current men are the descendants
of the homo sapiens and the
Neanderthals there was a crossing between
both and the chromosome x DNA was mixed
This is a theory of the Mexican Unam